# MOSAIC SATELLITE IMAGE STITCHING USING HADOOP MAPREDUCE
Satellite images depicting the Earth’s surface received at the ground station are obtained by observatories taking pictures while moving along a predefined orbit around the Earth. These images extracted after multiple rotations are called mosaics or tiles. Due to current technological restrictions, mosaics are unable to capture an object as a whole. Thus, to extract a concerned subject in a singular image, image stitching is implemented. Images that are obtained from observatories are generally too humongous in size such that simple image stitching in an image processing environment cannot be implemented on these Big Data Images.
The aim of this project is to develop a two-step Map Reduce framework for the stitching of satellite images wherein objects or required observatory fields fall in two different images, thus providing way for further processing, such as image recognition, classification, etc. The proposed system enables recognition and extraction of objects whose parts fall in separate satellite mosaic images. However, this is a time and resource consuming process. The major aim of the study is improving the performance of the image stitching processes by utilizing big data framework. To realize this, the application architecture consists of a preprocessing step, a mapper function and a reduce function. The preprocessing steps converts the two images to bitmaps and string format to make the suitable for Map Reduce functions. The mapper function creates new space for images. Finally, the reduce function using the out of the mapper as an input, calculates the maximum number of black pixel overlaps between the
images and obtains the best possible matching position for the images. The overlapping images are combined with the help of a merging algorithm. 
Stitching of satellite mosaics are often implemented in various scientific domains such as remote sensing, geophysics, map engineering and cartography, and in many application areas such as object recognition /extraction /tracing, spatial analysis, 3D imaging, etc. With further processing the obtained results can be used in image processing, image classification, Feature
extraction, mapping, etc.
